welcome to verse 1 news this is the
weekly top player report if you want to
understand ratings better do a Wikipedia
search on the elo rating system we're
going to go ahead and jump right in
let's look at the 5 B category that's
five for 258 a lot of these names or old
names these are individuals that played
a while back the champ doesn't always
have the highest rating to play for the
champ spot you have to be in the highest
rating unless you've already played the
champion then we'll go ahead and set up
the game for a player that has not yet
to play the champ so if the demand is
high enough we'll go ahead and have a
player who has not played the champ take
a crack at them but that player will
still need to have you know the third
highest or the fourth highest rating
we're just going to look at the top
three spots you can see everybody else
in this particular case we'll go ahead
and mention DeSean redexes AKA red mario
is still in the number three spot with a
1273 rating and he is out of the city he
moved out of the city he's doing really
well we'd love to see him come back he's
he's a verse one veteran zekiel Fisher
y'all know him as Zeke his other
nicknames Shakespeare and we're looking
at a rematch for the championship spot
between Detroit and who's the highest
rated player at 1300 right now and Zeke
so hopefully we'll get that that game
set up to see who the champ is they
played a while back but we'd like to see
what happens moving on to the 5c
category let's look at the top three
players Quinn Hall recently lost to G
Cole that bumped jiko up to the number
two spot
jiko had previously lost to Kenny
Beasley who holds the number one spot I
haven't seen him in a while last I heard
he's ready to play whenever we are so we
need to set up the game between G coal
or Jeff Horner and Kenny Beasley that'll
be the championship game for the 5c
category moving on to the six a category
we're going to look at the top four
players these players I think are all
relevant we have j-roc original
Toussaint from Louisiana New Orleans
holding at 1230-1 rating he lost to
Adrian Allen aka a to the G who holds a
12 40 rating and played a smallville
recently for the champion spot lost that
game but the higher rated player is brad
rodriguez and i am not positive if brad
is going to play I don't know I've
talked to him a couple times but I
honestly am not sure if brad is going to
play small deal in that case because
we've had a to the G already placed
Marvel probably we will try to set up a
j-roc smallville game at this point
unless we can get at a to the g or
j-rock to do a rematch but moving on to
the 6 b category terrence Kato is the
champ in his category he's 67 holds a
rating of 12 55 moving on to the 6 c
category six foot eight to seven foot
now we're going to add one player in
that category and that's tetra kill
however we have O'Neill who has verbally
stated that you will play although we
haven't yet to schedule a game and it
may be that we just need to set that up
so that's that that's the report and
I'll hope to get you guys more news down
the road thank you for tuning in that's
it